From : Roseann Engeldorf
To : sheila tweed
CC : ben jacoby; hwendell@mdbe.com; kay mann; lisa bills; Taylor, Rob
BCC : 
Subject : Re: GE Consent to Assignment

Message Body :Sheila - thanks for your v-mail -

The last Lisa and I heard the "One Train" was not signed.  That info. came by 
way of Ron Coker to Catherine Clark.  Things may have changed since, but none 
of us have heard. 

As far as a Devco default, GE has the remedies it negotiates under its 
turbine contracts.  In the current S&S TPA, in Section 17.6, "Seller 
Remedies" the remedies are termination and LDs for the cancellation charge.  

Thanks for the update on PSCO - yes, Lisa, Al, David Leboe and myself had a 
phone call several weeks ago after Lisa and I reviewed the docs.   When we 
were in NY, we heard that there was another draft, and felt confident that 
David could take the last look at the docs before they were signed.  Glad it 
worked out!

I am having a call tomorrow p.m. to discuss our "second close" into the SA 
facility.  Would love to be able to tell you we are closing it by Friday; 
that may be too ambitious/optimistic.  Don't know Lisa's schedule for 
tomorrow - will leave you a voice mail. 

Thanks,


Rose






	Sheila Tweed@ECT
	11/26/2000 10:41 AM
		
		 To: "Taylor, Rob" <robtaylor@akllp.com>@ENRON
		 cc: Roseann Engeldorf/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron, Lisa 
Bills/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Ben Jacoby/HOU/ECT@ECT, hwendell@mdbe.com
		 Subject: Re: GE Consent to Assignment

Rob, why isn't the Pastoria One-Train contract included (it has now been 
signed I believe)?  If Agent were to give GE notice of Devco's default, does 
GE have a rememdy under the turbine contracts to ask for collateral or 
accelerate the payment schedule?  I know that GE did not mention this in our 
call.  What will Devco be able to do, just in case GE asks about this?   
Otherwise the draft l;ooks good and we await GE's comments.  The guay at GE 
to send this to by the way is Paul Miller@ps.ge.com.  Thanks!


***********
EDRM Enron Email Data Set has been produced in EML, PST and NSF format by ZL Technologies, Inc. This Data Set is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/> . To provide attribution, please cite to "ZL Technologies, Inc. (http://www.zlti.com)."
***********

