From : David Baumbach
To : misti day
CC : daren j farmer
BCC : 
Subject : Re: Wholesale Volumes - August

Message Body :Yr to Yr and Qtr to Qtr changes due to EOL and increased Entex takes.

Dave


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
	From:  Misti Day                           09/18/2000 03:53 PM
	

To: Michelle Bruce/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kam 
Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, William Kelly/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kyle Etter/HOU/ECT@ECT, Laura 
E Scott/CAL/ECT@ECT, Jill Louie/CAL/ECT@ECT, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark 
Confer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Edie Leschber/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rita Anderson/Corp/Enron@Enron
cc: Paula Harris/HOU/ECT@ECT, Faith Killen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Hunter S 
Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Neal/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT 
Subject: Wholesale Volumes - August


It's that time again for the monthly and quarterly volumetric explanations!  
The database for August is now ready for viewing.  Just as a reminder, this 
is the shortcut on your desktop called "Statistical Database". 

As there is continued investor focus on our Wholesale Operations, Investor 
Relations requests that Business Analysis & Reporting provide monthly 
volumetric analysis for Wholesale Operations in addition to the quarterly 
analysis.  Please review the analysis for August 2000 and provide 
explanations for all material changes (+/- 10%) for the year/year, 
quarter/quarter, and month/month variances.  The current objective of 
Investor Relations is to use this analysis as a resource to answer potential 
investor or analyst questions, but it may be used for ad hoc requests and 
presentations.   It is essential that the volumes be verified by commercial 
personnel.

Please forward your verification and explanations via e-mail to me by 10:00am 
Friday, September 22.  Please feel free to call with any questions.

Thanks,

Misti
x39525

















***********
EDRM Enron Email Data Set has been produced in EML, PST and NSF format by ZL Technologies, Inc. This Data Set is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/> . To provide attribution, please cite to "ZL Technologies, Inc. (http://www.zlti.com)."
***********

